v1.1: Multi-index search (#2208)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/search.md

| **`offset`**             | Number           | Number of documents skipped                                     |
| **`limit`**              | Number           | Number of documents to take                                     |
| **`estimatedTotalHits`** | Number           | Estimated total number of matches                               |
| **`totalHits`**          | Number           | Exhaustive total number of matches                              |
| **`totalPages`**         | Number           | Exhaustive total number of search result pages                  |
| **`hitsPerPage`**        | Number           | Number of results on each page                                  |
| **`page`**               | Number           | Current search results page                                     |
| **`facetDistribution`**  | Object           | **[Distribution of the given facets](#facetdistribution)**      |
| **`processingTimeMs`**   | Number           | Processing time of the query                                    |
| **`query`**              | String           | Query originating the response                                  |

> | **`facetStats`**         | Object           | [The the numeric `min` and `max` values per facet](#facetstats) |

Reviewer: I would have put `facetStats` just below `facetDistribution` for the reading ease

Author: Good idea!

| **`offset`**             | Number           | Number of documents skipped                                     |
| **`limit`**              | Number           | Number of documents to take                                     |
| **`totalHits`**          | Number           | Exhaustive total number of matches                              |
| **`totalPages`**         | Number           | Exhaustive total number of search results pages                 |
| **`hitsPerPage`**        | Number           | Number of results on each page                                  |
| **`page`**               | Number           | Current search results page                                     |
| **`estimatedTotalHits`** | Number           | Total number of matches                                         |
| **`facets`**             | Object           | **[Distribution of the given facets](#facetdistribution)**      |
| **`processingTimeMs`**   | Number           | Processing time of the query                                    |
| **`query`**              | String           | Query originating the response                                  |

> | **`facetStats`**         | Object           | [The the numeric `min` and `max` values per facet](#facetstats) |

Reviewer: I would have put `facetStats` just below `facetDistribution` for the reading ease

## Search parameters

> Here follows an exhaustive description of each search parameter currently available when using the search endpoint. Unless otherwise noted, all parameters are valid for the `GET`, `POST`, and `/multi-index` routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here follows an exhaustive description of each search parameter currently available when using the search endpoint. Unless otherwise noted, all parameters are valid for the `GET`, `POST` for `/indexes/:indexUid/search`, and POST `/multi-search` routes.
```

**Expected value**: An array of `attribute`s or `["*"]`
**Default value**: `null`

Returns the number of documents matching the current search query for each given facet. This parameter can take two values:

- An array of attributes: `facets=["attributeA", "attributeB", …]`
- An asterisk—this will return a count for all facets present in `filterableAttributes`

When `facets` is set, the search results object contains the [`facetDistribution`](#facetdistribution) and [`facetStats`](#facetstats) fields.

::: note

> If an attribute used on `facets` has not been added to the `filterableAttributes` list, it will be ignored.

Author: Removed

- An asterisk—this will return a count for all facets present in `filterableAttributes`

When `facets` is set, the search results object contains the [`facetDistribution`](#facetdistribution) and [`facetStats`](#facetstats) fields.

::: note
If an attribute used on `facets` has not been added to the `filterableAttributes` list, it will be ignored.
:::

#### `facetDistribution`

`facetDistribution` contains the number of matching documents distributed among the values of a given facet. Each facet is represented as an object.

#### `facetStats`

When using the `facets` parameter, any matching documents with facets containing numeric values are displayed in a `facetStats` object. `facetStats` contains the numeric minimum (`min`) and maximum (`max`) values per facet for all documents matching the search query.

If none of the matching documents have a numeric value for a facet, that facet is not  included in the `facetStats` object.

#### Example

Given a movie ratings database, the following code sample returns the number of `Batman` movies per genre along with the minimum and maximum ratings:

<CodeSamples id="search_parameter_guide_facet_stats_1" />

> The response shows the facet distribution for `genres` and `rating`. Since `rating` is a numeric field, you get its minimum and maximum values in `facetStats`.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we add why it is useful to have this information for the user's standpoint?

e.g., Include a range slider component for the `rating` facet when creating a faceted search experience

Author: I added this to the guide as it seemed more appropriate
